How I (Tikhon) assume the Enemy will work:
	1. Enemies have Three States:
		1. Patrolling - they move around preset patrol points
		2. Combat - they're actively fighting the Player
		3. Searching - they move around first to where they last saw
		the player, then randomly, until a certain amount of time passes,
		after which they return to Patrolling
	2. Enemies have a Cone of Vision, and, if they see the player in it,
	they'll enter the "Combat" State

Phase 1 Requirements:
	Functional Requirements:
		Functional Requirement 1 – The Game shall Have a Simple Starting Level:
			1. The Level will have a starting point for the player 
			2. The Level will have an extraction point 
			3. The Level will have a single enemy 
			4. The Objective of the Level is to kill the enemy 
		
		Functional Requirement 2 – The Game Shall Have Enemies:
			1. Enemies patrol or wander 
			2. When Enemies see the Player, they attack 
		
		Functional Requirement 3 – The Game is a Procedurally-Generated Roguelike:
			1. Levels are Generated from pre-made Rooms (“Tiles”) using rules 
			2. Users choose the level they play, with randomly-generated names and modifiers 
		
		Functional Requirement 4 – There are Randomly-Picked Objectives:
			1. Extraction – go from one location to another location 
			2. Rescue Hostage – find a hostage, and bring them with you to the extraction (without them dying) 
			3. Steal Item – take an item before leaving 
			4. Kill Leader – kill a well-guarded enemy 
			5. Base self destruct – press self destruct button and then time limit to leave 

		Functional Requirement 5 – There will be gameplay modifiers:
			1. Ongoing Battle – Background noise is increased 
			2. Time Limit – You have a certain amount of time to win the mission, or you’ll lose 
			3. Instant death for both you and the enemies 
			4. Non-Lethal run (e.g. “License to kill revoked”) 
	
	Non-Functional Requirements 
			1. Non-Functional Requirement 1 – The Game will take place in a Universe where Romans survived and went into Space 
				1. The Game will have a futuristic aesthetic and style 
				2. The enemy will be “Space Romans” 
